Updated licensing docs with details of configuring an Umbraco application URL on Umbraco Cloud. (#5518)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-commerce/getting-started/licensing-model.md

See the [Fixed Application URL](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/extending/health-check/guides/fixedapplicationurl) documentation for more details about this setting.

#### Configuring `UmbracoApplicationUrl` on Umbraco Cloud

> If you are hosting on Umbraco Cloud you will find the configuration described above won't be reflected in your environment. The reason for this is that Umbraco Cloud sets this value as an environment variable set to the Cloud project domain (`<your project>.umbraco.io`). The overrides what is set via the `appSettings.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are hosting on Umbraco Cloud you will find the configuration described above won't be reflected in your environment. The reason for this is that Umbraco Cloud sets this value as an environment variable set to the Cloud project domain (`<your project>.umbraco.io`). This overrides what is set via the `appSettings.json` file.

```

> You have two options here.
> 
> Either the domains for each of your Cloud environments can be added to your license.
> 
> Or, for more control and to ensure this value is set correctly for other reasons, you can apply the configuration via code.

Reviewer: to make it more clear which options they are:
```suggestion
There are two options in this case:
- Either the domains for each of your Cloud environments can be added to your license.
- Or, for more control and to ensure this value is set correctly for other reasons, you can apply the configuration via code.
```
